There is no board. When playing in person, players sit in a circle i a way that your neighbors are from a different team ignoring a neutral player. For example, if there are 7 players P1-P7, teams T1, T2 and N then they will be seated as follows going right along a circle: P1T1->P2T2->P3T1->P4N->P5T2->P6T1->P7T2->P1T1.

The game is played in turns. Before the game begins each player is assigned a random character.
Before the game begins each player gets five cards and the rest of the deck is put face down to draw from.
Each turn a player first draws 2 cards from the face down deck. Then they can either play cards or discard cards. At the end of their turn the player can hold at most 5 cards. A player may end their turn at any time, even without playing a single card. Once one card is discarded no more cards can be played by that player.
When a player attacks someone, the defender can play defense card out of turn. If the player is about to die then either they or one of their teammates can play a "sanjeevani" card to revive them.



There are 6 types of action cards:
Attack: deal damage to others. Per turn you are only allowed to attack once
Some cards are single or dual target where you can choose the target(s)
Some cards attack everyone except the caster including the casters allies
Some cards bring the caster and the target to 2 hp
Some cards can be stacked and used at the same time
There are two kinds of attack cards - arrow and trident. This determines what kind of shield card can be used to block the attack. We'll come to that later
Attack cards can deal 1 or 2 ho damage per target

Defense: there are 2 defense cards
Aina (Mirror) : that can defend against all kinds of attacks
Jatayu (Shield) : only defend arrow attacks

Health: heal yourself or others
Sanjeevani (herbs) : heal 1 hp to a target. Can be used to revive a teammate out of turn only on their death
Shabari (elixir): heals everyone

Luck: draw additional cards
Bramha: everyone  draws 1 card. players out of turn may end up holding more than 5 cards because of this.
Vishnu: you draw 2 cards

Power: special cards applied on the heroes 
Laxman rekha (palisade) : provides a shield that blocks all attacks. Can only be broken by a trident type attack
Vanvas (exile) : prevents the player in which it is applied from playing any cards on that turn but they still draw 2 cards. 

Theft: steal cards
Garuda: steal a card from any players face down hand or applied on their hero and discard it. Can be used to remove Laxman rekha on someone or vanvas applied to you or others
Kaikeyi: exchange all your cards with someone. prior to playing kaikei player cannot discard cards
Mareecha: steal a card from someone face down hand and put it in your hand
Vimana: ask any player to give you a card of your choosing. If the player has the card in their hand they are bound to give to you


Superpowers. Each character has a unique skill or superpower. Superpowers supersede action cards. Example Laxman (warrior)'s superpower allows the player to use a jatayu (shield) as a defence agains both arrow and trident attacks

the game ends when all players of a team is eliminated